Add styleguide (#42)
w3c-ccg/vc-issuer-http-api: api-style-guide.md

# VC Issuer HTTP API Style Guide

This document is used to track design choices made in the development of [api.yml](./api.yml).

To the best of our ability we are attempting to follow [restfulapi.net](https://restfulapi.net/).

> In cases where excessive optionality is allowed, or where consensus must needed to be reached are recorded, we will document our decisions here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where excessive optionality is allowed, or where consensus is needed, we will document our decisions here. The working decisions documented here so far should be understood in the context of an unstable API, i.e., the API may change in substantive ways in the future.
```

## API Versioning

We have decided to use HTTP Headers to version the API.

> ## Regarding Collections and Controllers

Reviewer 2: please provide some context and/or definitions for these terms. Perhaps by pointing to the discussion in the relevant issue.

Author: The are defined here: https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/

I will add a link to that section

Author: Also: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/vc-issuer-http-api/issues/41

> We are debating the appropriatness of both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are debating the appropriateness of both.
```
